chore: Explained ghost inference (#2145)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Topics.md

TO BE WRITTEN

## 23.3. Ghost Inference {#sec-ghost-inference}

After[^why-after-type-inference] [type inference](#sec-type-inference), Dafny revisits the program

> and takes a final decision about which statements are to be compiled,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and makes a final decision about which statements are to be compiled,
```

and which statements are ghost.
The ghost statements form what is called the _ghost context_ of expressions.

[^why-after-type-inference]: Ghost inference has to be performed after type inference, at least because it is not possible to determine if a member access `a.b` refers to a ghost variable until the type of `a` is determined.

These statements are determined to be ghost:

> - [`assert`](#sec-assert-statement), [`assume`](#sec-assume-statement), [`reveal`](#sec-reveal-statement), [`calc`](#sec-calc-statement) statements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`assert`](#sec-assert-statement), [`assume`](#sec-assume-statement), [`reveal`](#sec-reveal-statement), and [`calc`](#sec-calc-statement) statements.
```

- The body of the `by` of an [`assert`](#sec-assert-statement) statement.
- Calls to ghost methods, including [lemmas](#sec-lemmas).

> - [`if`](#sec-if-statement), [`match`](#sec-match-statement) or [`while`](#sec-while-statement) statements if the condition expression or alternative contains ghost expressions. Their body is also ghost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`if`](#sec-if-statement), [`match`](#sec-match-statement), and [`while`](#sec-while-statement) statements with condition expressions or alternatives containing ghost expressions. Their bodies are also ghost.
```

> - [`for`](#sec-for-loops) loops whose start expression contains a ghost expressions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`for`](#sec-for-loops) loops whose start expression contains ghost expressions.
```

- [Variable declarations](#sec-var-decl-statement) if they are explicitly ghost or if their respective right-hand side is a ghost expression.
- [Assignments or update statement](#sec-update-and-call-statement) if all updated variables are ghost.

> - [`forall`](#sec-forall-statement) statements, unless they is exactly one assignment to an non-ghost array in its body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`forall`](#sec-forall-statement) statements, unless there is exactly one assignment to an non-ghost array in its body.
```

These statements always non-ghost:

- [`expect`](#sec-expect-statement) statements.
- [`print`](#sec-print-statement) statements.

The following expressions are ghost, which is used in some of the tests above:

- All [specification expressions](#sec-list-of-specification-expressions)

> - All calls to functions and predicates not marked as `method`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All calls to functions and predicates not marked as `method`
```
